SURMA: So how did you end up
calling it HTTP 203 anyway?
JAKE: Well, it was just
better than the alternatives.
So Surma, you've been
looking at import maps.
SURMA: Yes, so I've been
looking at input maps.
[SPEAKING GERMAN]
JAKE: So
SURMA: So.
JAKE: So.
JAKE: As well as this,
we do a podcast as well.
So the podcast is
like this but longer.
SURMA: So if you prefer
our voices to our faces,
we also do a podcast.
JAKE: And this is something
we discussed in the podcast.
SURMA: If you like podcasts,
we do one of these.
So what have you been up to?
JAKE: So I've been
taking a little look at--
[FAST FORWARD]
How do you handle cases where
the layout becomes recursive?
Surma?
Ready to go?
SURMA: Yeah.
JAKE: Cool.
SPEAKER: So wait
one minute, guys.
How long is this going to be?
JAKE: About 15 minutes.
SPEAKER: No.
Show's up.
Make it shorter.
SURMA: Why?
SPEAKER: We've got, like,
two minutes [INAUDIBLE]..
JAKE: It's not going to work.
SPEAKER: Cut!
SURMA: So you looked a bit
and played with Web GL, right?
JAKE: No, you're
doing this episode.
SURMA: No, it's your turn.
JAKE: I've never--
I've never done Web GL before.
You have done Web GL?
SURMA: What?
A bit.
JAKE: So you do the episode.
SURMA: I-- I have
literally nothing prepared.
JAKE: Well, neither do I.
SPEAKER: Is this
part of the episode?
JAKE: No!
SURMA: No!
SPEAKER: Cut.
SURMA: So what have
you been up to?
Are you OK?
Jake?
JAKE: So you've run some
performance benchmarks
on this, right?
SURMA: Yeah.
So um-- [BLEEP]
did perfectly fine.
It was all good.
Ran fast.
[BLEEP] really
good, really fast.
This [BLEEP] browser, Chrome,
really completely useless.
JAKE: What?
SURMA: It was, like,
20 million seconds.
JAKE: 20 million seconds?
SURMA: 20 million seconds.
JAKE: So.
SURMA: So.